We saw that we have a few
different methods here,
we already explained reflates reducer.
We've already taken
a lucky guess I get state.
How anyone wanted, yeah we're down to
two methods less dispatch and subscribe.
So if you wanted an easy 100 points,
these are Super Mario Brothers points.
They don't actually get you anything but
you can see how many points you can earn.
That should have been our demo app now
I think about it, but here we are.
Anyway, we'll take a look
between dispatch and subscribe.
Which one is gonna get
an action into my reducer?
>> Is it dispatch?
>> Dispatch, all right, 100 points.
So with that, once we have our
store in place, I can go ahead and
I can cancel a store and then we'll say,
store the dispatch and
I can call that action creator.
Increment that will return
the object in there.
And then just to get take stored,
I get state for a spin.
We've got that in there as well.
Can't read value undefined.
>> Maybe we need to
pass the initial state.
>> Yep, this is why again, so we have
two options to pass the initial state.
So we can't find the value on undefined.
That's because the very first time around,
we haven't returned anything out of here.
We have two options for
getting the initial state in there.
The first option kind of the older
option is just pass it in here.
Right and now you can see my code works.
This is the kind of
the original way to do it.
And one of the reasons that the create
store supports that is like that seems
like a reasonable place to do it.
But also default arguments weren't
standard in the JavaScript spec yet
when Redux first came out.
So, there wasn't an easy way to also do.
This will be if state ends
up being undefined the first
time we call it then it will set
it to the initial state as well.
The reason that I like this syntax more
is because as you start to split up your
reducers all over the place, right?
You can then have the initial state just
being for that particular reducer when
we see combined reducers that'll
make a little bit more sense.
But it allow you to okay you have
each piece of initial state per slice
the reducer.
I think I saw another hand.
>> I noticed if we have multiple
properties in the state, but
certainly we just have value
what if we have more properties.
>> So, the answer like most things is
it depends if they are all related,
they can all be in the same reducer,
right?
Let's say it's an array of tasks, right?
Or it might be, are we loading,
is there what's the data.
That might belong in a reducer, generally
speaking when we get to combine reducers
we'll see it's better to split our
reducers out to each little common piece.
So we might take care if it's buying
a phone number a Twilio, we might have
one that just keeps track of the phone
numbers that are currently loaded.
We might have another one that keeps
track of the current user, right?
Well, we do is we could put it all in one
giant reducer and we could walk that state
and try to manipulate it and we can see
that I can get a little tricky, right?
And this kinda goes into one of my
recommendations about reducers.